add script to generate a advisory, cves and jira tickets report (#4576)
openshift/microshift: scripts/advisory_publication/README.md

# OCP Advisory Publication Report

## Description

> Every week for every OCP release MicroShift team decide if a new MicroShift version should be publish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each week for every minor OCP release, the MicroShift team decides if a new MicroShift version should be publish.
```

> The decision is done if there are important changes/fixes to the published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The decision is based on if there are important changes/fixes to MicroShift or the OCP images it depends on.
```

> This script will generate a report with advisory, CVEs and jira ticket relevant info for every OCP version to make the decision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will generate a report with advisories, CVEs and jira tickets relevant to making the decision.
```

### Steps
1. Find advisory ids for a OCP version from [ocp-build-data repository](https://github.com/openshift-eng/ocp-build-data)
   - For example, for release `4.17` check [`releases.yml`](https://github.com/openshift-eng/ocp-build-data/blob/openshift-4.17/releases.yml)

> 2. Get list of CVEs from a Red Hat advisory using [Red Hat errata API](https://errata.devel.redhat.com/documentation/developer-guide/api-http-api.html#get-cveshowerrata_id.json)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Get the list of CVEs from a Red Hat advisory using [Red Hat errata API](https://errata.devel.redhat.com/documentation/developer-guide/api-http-api.html#get-cveshowerrata_id.json)
```

   - Only available behind the Red Hat VPN
   - Example for [`144556` advisory](https://errata.devel.redhat.com/cve/show/144556.json)

> 3. Query Jira to find if there are any MicroShift ticket to address a CVE fix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Query Jira to find if there are any MicroShift tickets to address a CVE fix
```

>    - Example for [`summary  ~ "CVE-2024-21626" AND component = MicroShift and (affectedVersion = 4.17 or affectedVersion = 4.17.z)`](https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?jql=summary%20%20~%20%22CVE-2024-21626%22%20AND%20component%20%3D%20MicroShift%20and%20(affectedVersion%20%3D%204.17%20or%20affectedVersion%20%3D%204.17.z)) query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For example [`summary  ~ "CVE-2024-21626" AND component = MicroShift and (affectedVersion = 4.17 or affectedVersion = 4.17.z)`](https://issues.redhat.com/issues/?jql=summary%20%20~%20%22CVE-2024-21626%22%20AND%20component%20%3D%20MicroShift%20and%20(affectedVersion%20%3D%204.17%20or%20affectedVersion%20%3D%204.17.z)) query
```
